Replace `black` and `pylint` with `ruff` (#3333)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms)

> [![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruff-0.9.1-brightgreen)](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruff-0.9.2-brightgreen)](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/)
```

On MacOS, installing `libmagic` separately through `brew install libmagic` might be required.

### CMS configuration file

> After setup you will be able to run the cms with most of it's functionality. In order to use a couple of features like translations or the HIX value, you need to set some settings which can be defined in a configuration file. It should be located at `/etc/integreat-cms.ini`. If you want to place the file at a different location, pass the absolute path via the environment variable `INTEGREAT_CMS_CONFIG`. An example file is located at `example-configs` in the project folder.

Author: will add manually, looks like two suggestions touching the same line do not work

> After setup you will be able to run the cms with most of it's functionality. In order to use a couple of features like translations or the HIX value, you need to set some settings which can be defined in a configuration file. It should be located at `/etc/integreat-cms.ini`. If you want to place the file at a different location, pass the absolute path via the environment variable `INTEGREAT_CMS_CONFIG`. An example file is located at `example-configs` in the project folder.

Reviewer 2: :see_no_evil: thanks github. I took extra care to keep these two logical things separate. after listening to my fan going haywire for hours trying to review the changes because this site seems to be full of bloated JS

> After setup you will be able to run the cms with most of it's functionality. In order to use a couple of features like translations or the HIX value, you need to set some settings which can be defined in a configuration file. It should be located at `/etc/integreat-cms.ini`. If you want to place the file at a different location, pass the absolute path via the environment variable `INTEGREAT_CMS_CONFIG`. An example file is located at `example-configs` in the project folder.

Author: > 🙈 thanks github. I took extra care to keep these two logical things separate. after listening to my fan going haywire for hours trying to review the changes because this site seems to be full of bloated JS

Yeaah. I'm in the process of moving all my private repos to a self-hosted forgejo instance. Tiny, tiny VM (2 cores, 2G RAM), and every action and request is *instant*. Night and day, seriously.

On MacOS, installing `libmagic` separately through `brew install libmagic` might be required.

### CMS configuration file

> After setup you will be able to run the cms with most of its functionality. In order to use a couple of features like translations or the HIX value, you need to set some settings which can be defined as individual environment variables or in a configuration file. It should be located at `/etc/integreat-cms.ini`. If you want to place the file at a different location, pass the absolute path via the environment variable `INTEGREAT_CMS_CONFIG`. An example file is located at `example-configs` in the project folder.
> In general, all environment variables should be the name of the setting in the system but with the prefix `INTEGREAT_CMS_`.
> All these settings can also be configured via environment variables with the prefix `INTEGREAT_CMS_`, e.g. `INTEGREAT_CMS_SECRET_KEY`.

Reviewer 2: It seems I didn't notice the line immediately afterwards my suggestion was basically the same as my line on the env name prefix.
Also, while manually applying the requested changes, you likely got misled by GitHubs way to render line and intra-line diffs and overlooked my line on the overwriting order of config file and env vars – a point which I think of as rather significant
```suggestion
After setup you will be able to run the cms with most of its functionality. In order to use a couple of features like translations or the HIX value, you need to set some settings which can be defined as individual environment variables or in a configuration file. It should be located at `/etc/integreat-cms.ini`. If you want to place the file at a different location, pass the absolute path via the environment variable `INTEGREAT_CMS_CONFIG`. An example file is located at `example-configs` in the project folder.
In general, all environment variables should be the name of the setting in the system but with the prefix `INTEGREAT_CMS_`, e.g. `INTEGREAT_CMS_SECRET_KEY`.
Note that, contrary to how other programs work, in integreat cms the settings from the configuration file overwrite the values loaded from environment variables, not the other way around. Feel free to submit a pull request fixing this.
```

Author: Oh, sorry 😅 Applying this suggestion will bring the README content into the desired state? 🙈

Reviewer 2: yes

Author: ALright, nice. Sorry, just wasn't sure if there was something I needed to revert
